What's your opinion?
The lake city is next to the river
When the rainy season comes
Water level rises
The whole city will be submerged
Old man, this lake city has been here for hundreds of years
Been through countless rainstorms?
I've never heard of a city being flooded
That's because...
There are three large rivers in the west and The North Face of Pucheng to replenish water
Flows out of the big river in the south
Just plug the river to the south
When the rainstorm comes
Yancheng was flooded
I see.
You asked us to cut down trees to block the South River
Right?
Yes, yes, you little smart guy
Hey, of course.
Everyone says I'm smart
I asked how your business went.
And it didn't work.
Can't blame me for that. Of course there's no problem.
Fu Tongling has been cutting down trees for three days
No rest at all
What about you?
Of course I'm responsible for thinking of you
Okay, I'll go see how he's busy
Okay, the little brothers are gone
younger brother
Ah, I just barely had an innovation book
I didn't expect it to be so powerful
I hope that after this battle
No more strife
How is that possible?
The fruit is still waiting for us
That's a long way to go.
Baby bird
Don't worry, brother, your taste is so heavy.
It will definitely help you live out
That's not what I meant.
No matter what happens to the chick, he deserves it
I'm only worried about the light rain.
After all, he is still young.
Don't worry.
If he wants to go home, he will naturally go back in unison.
Just watch